CSE 111 Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

    (This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best
    knowledge at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the
    beginning to the end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and we
    change some of our proposed ideas. This is part of completing any
    project and is fine.  However, we still must write a proposal so
    that our teachers or supervisors know what we intend to do. Please
    answer each of the following questions to the best of your
    knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program?

    A: The title of the program is "Random Password Generator".

2. What real-world problem will your program address or help to solve?

    A: The program will help solve password delima of choosing a new password.

3. What will you learn from developing this program?

    A: I will learn how to make a good reusable function.  I will also learn 
    how to limit character range in the random function.  I will also learn 
    more on string manipulation and formatted print statements.

4. What Python modules will your program use?

    (Some examples are: csv, datetime, functools, matplotlib, math,
    pandas, pytest, random, requests, and tkinter.)
    
    A: The program will use the random and pytest modules.  It could also use
    datetime function to add further security of past passwords.

5. Will you separate your Python program into functions that each
perform a single task?

    (Remember that the most reusable functions don't get user input and
    don't print results but instead have parameters and return a result.
    Functions that get user input and print results are important and do
    useful work but are not easily reusable.)

    (Remember also that it's hard to test functions that get user input
    and print results. It's easy to test functions that don't get user
    input and don't print results but instead have parameters and return
    a result. Therefore, you should write most of your program functions
    to have parameters and return a result.)

    A: Yes, the program will be separated into stand-alone functions taking arguments.

6. Will you write test functions to test at least two of your program
    functions?

    A: Yes. Test functions will be used to verify proper operation of functions
    in the program.

